Ah Shiyun
Did I hear it right?
You mean you are His Royal Highness the Warlord
This woman is really crazy
The Warlord is the most honorable person in my country
Even the queen has to respect him three points
country woman
Don't you talk without a brain?
What do you dream about in broad daylight?
Shi Yun, your brain is being burned by the barbecue stall
Is the smoke hallucinating?
Shi Yu
You don't add up to 100 yuan.
If you really want to impersonate Zhanhua
You can rent a nice dress anyway
Oh, right.
They won't rent it to you, will they?
Look at you
I'm afraid you won't be able to pay if the rent is dirty, right?
Hahahahahaha
My Phoenix Hall has always been low-key
Shi Yun, you call it low-key.
I think it's called poverty
Since your mind is so vicious
You don't deserve to be a mother
Where did you get the confidence to stage a war emperor here?
Big drama
Are you relying on your whims?
Everything about Shi Ran Ran was given by me
Apple is the war famine you admire
So you're getting far above yourself.
I can't allow you to insult the secular people so violently
At this point, you're still foreskin this bitch
What on earth attracted you to him?
You slaughtered your own sister
Are you forcing me to show you no mercy?